What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	The files of the directory in which the repositary is created will now 
	be under the supervision of the directory. We need to do it because the 
	git needs to know the directory in which it should maintain versions of the file. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area may be an intermediate folder between the working directory and the 
	repository. It may be used to call back the files in the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

staging area can be considered as an intermediate between the repository and 
the working directory. We can add the files to the staging area as long as we can 
but when we feel that any change is logical then we can finally commit the 
change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

It would help if we want to maintain a different version of the code that does
not fit logically into the main branch.
To experiment with the code without any fear.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They give a better representation of the brach that is currently in the computer.
It helps us because the human brain interprets the diagrams better than the text.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The codes from both the branches get written in an optimized way. The literal meaning of 
merge id=s the  coming together, hence the diagram is represented as if the two branches
are coming together.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Pros
The task of merging becomes faster and saves a lot of time. 
It does the work that can be done efficiently by the computer instead of taking
human help

Cons
It may lead to merge conflict
It requires artificial intelligence to work on a higher level.
